So for some of the research that I dio, I actually need people to have
a certain skill set. But I don't expect my students to come into my
lab with that skill set. Uh, if they have those skills, that's awesome.
That's a bonus for me. I don't have to go. I don't have to worry
about teaching them how to do things. Um, but it is my expectation
that students will not come to me with this skill set, and and that's
part of what we do. What I do in my lab is training them. Um, so
what I do expect from students is I expect them. Thio have an enthusiastic
attitude. I expect them to be responsible and reliable. So when
they say they're going to be there at a certain time, they better
be there at a certain time. Because I often times have to train students
in order for them to participate in my research. I dio expect
a time commitment from them, so I generally will not take a student
unless they can commit at least a year to my research, because I find
that it takes me generally about three months or half a semester to
train them in the skills that they need in order to be able to participate
in the research.